That's more like it!
Ultimate Mechamaru, Mode: Absolute
“Armored Puppet Ultimate Mechamaru Prototype 0”
That's right. My victory
condition is Satoru Gojo.
I have to use any means necessary
to get in contact with Satoru Gojo,
and tell him about the Shibuya plot.
Then I'll have him protect me.
But even if I want to focus on Geto,
the one who lowered this veil,
Mahito, is too dangerous to ignore.
I'll have to exorcise him first.
17 years 1 month 29 days
16 Years
Charge, one year!
Burn him, Mechamaru!
Ultra Cannon!
Are you planning to keep burning me
until you run out of cursed energy?
I'll start by drawing you out of there!
Episode 31
Evening Festival
JUJUTSU KAISEN
Shibuya Incident
Mechamaru's attacks
won't be able to damage Mahito's soul.
Now he should be certain of that, as well.
Charge, two years!
Miracle Cannon!
You won't break off your attack.
You're not paying my attacks any heed now.
That's when I shoot you with this!
What power!
If I take too long, he'll break all my armor.
Technique loaded.
I have four chances!
I'll end this quickly!
Fire, Mechamaru!
There's no point.
What have you been watching all this time?
Huh?
What's going on here?
My soul was destroyed, too?
Tsk! Another bird? No imagination!
The left arm I blew away has regenerated?
No, he's just tweaking the shape of his soul
to make it look like it regenerated.
The fact that he's showing
it off is proof of that.
It's all right.
I will...
It's affecting him.
He's not doing badly.
It might be temporary, but his cursed
energy output is special-grade class,
and he came fully prepared
to deal with Mahito, too.
Depending on how this goes,
this could be the moment I get...
Charge, five years!
Pigeon Viola!
Tsk!
I can't tell which of his attacks
will actually affect my soul.
I need to make that clear first.
I can do this!
Technique loaded.
I can win!
I'll be able to see everyone!
Domain Expansion:
Self-Embodiment of Perfection.
And you're finished.
Idle Transfiguration.
It doesn't matter if I touch you
directly once you're inside my domain.
9 Years 5 Months 6 Days
You already understood that, too, right?
That cursed technique is sealed in these.
Though that was the only way
I was able to manage this technique.
There's only ten days until Halloween.
Did you think that meant I'd hold back my
cursed energy and avoid using my domain?
Give me ten days to rest
and I'll make a full recovery.
I have two left in stock.
This was devised in the Heian Era,
an era full of fierce cursed spirits and
curse users when jujutsu was at its height,
by Sadatsuna Ashiya to protect his disciples.
Don't incorporate hopes and
dreams into your strategy.
I feel so bad for you that I don't
know what expression to take.
It was passed down in his school,
and a pact forbade his students
from intentionally conveying
that technique to others.
It's a means for them to protect
themselves from others' domains,
a domain for the weak...
Huh?
New Shadow Style: Simple Domain!
I've seen it all.
Simple Domain!
A domain neutralizes all other techniques.
Attacks will land, even on Satoru Gojo,
when they're made within a domain.
Even if it's a simple one,
activating it inside a domain
would damage Mahito,
regardless of any techniques.
No more spectating from the sidelines,
Geto!
What a happy miscalculation!
I still have one simple domain and
nine years of cursed energy left.
I can fight Geto!
I can win!
I'll be able to see everyone!
I failed to finish him off?!
Come out! Mechamaru!
I still have one domain left.
I'll ram it directly into him!
Here we go, Mechamaru!
Hey, Mechamaru?
Is it okay if I pay you
a visit sometime soon?
Since the exchange event...
Since the baseball game, I feel like
we've all become closer to each other.
Maybe it's because we all
work as jujutsu sorcerers,
but I feel like there was always distance
between us, even if we all got along.
I suppose that's because being too close would
make it even more painful when we died.
But I love the relationship we all have now.
And you couldn't quite participate
in the baseball game, remember?
So you had a pitching
machine fill in for you.
But I want to be even closer
to you, Mechamaru.
So, one day, I will come see you.
That was a bit dangerous for you, wasn't it?
I made myself burst apart at the
same instant his technique activated.
Undoing my domain after that would
make him think I was dead, right?
It was all calculated.
It wasn't dangerous at all.
So that was another use of a simple domain...
Good thing we got to see it in
action before the main event, huh?
Yeah.
I was able to finish adjusting
the entrusted veil, too.
There won't be any problems with entrusting
the cursed energy and chant to others.
November 1, Heisei 30 [Hokkaido] Sunny, Partly Cloudy [Aomori] Rain [Miyagi]
Today's Weather
Just after 7 PM on October 31st, 2018,
a roughly 400-meter radius veil was lowered,
centered around Tokyu
Department Store's Toyoko Outlet.
JUJUTSU KAISEN
Drink, drink, drink, drink!
Yay, yay, yay, yay!
Hurry it up!
Idiot, stop that!
Yay, yay, yay, yay!
I heard a lot of people come in from
Ibaraki and Tochigi for Halloween.
From way out there?
Excuse me!
Can I take your picture?
You're really cute!
Thanks!
Gladly!
Way to go.
Let's not do Shibuya again next year.
What is that?
Hm? What's what?
That. That right there.
Huh? What do you mean?
I'm telling you, that right there!
Are your eyes okay?
Yay!
Ow!
What are you doing?
Idiot!
Are you already drunk?
It's too early for that!
Look, I'm telling you there's
a wall there! A wall!
Hey...
20:14, Tokyo, Shibuya
For Health Insurance, Choose
Same Time, Tokyo Metro Shibuya Station
Exit #13 (Outside the Veil)
It's a veil that traps
only regular people inside.
For Health Insurance, Choose
Same Time, Tokyo Metro Shibuya Station
Exit #13 (Outside the Veil)
Regular people are only able to enter it.
For Health Insurance, Choose
Same Time, Tokyo Metro Shibuya Station
Exit #13 (Outside the Veil)
It varies for windows.
For Health Insurance, Choose
Same Time, Tokyo Metro Shibuya Station
Exit #13 (Outside the Veil)
Sorcerers and assistant supervisors
are able to come and go.
And signal?
It's blocked.
Please use assistant supervisors like us,
or first exit the veil in
order to communicate.
Team Nanami       Kento Nanami (Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Takuma Ino (Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Megumi Fushiguro (Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
This is becoming awfully troublesome.
Fushiguro! Fushiguro!
Team Nanami       Kento Nanami (Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Takuma Ino (Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Megumi Fushiguro (Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Fushiguro! Fushiguro!
Did you know that when adding
effects to the barrier of a veil,
you can basically only apply them
to "things with cursed energy"?
That's roughly people,
cursed spirits, and cursed objects.
So blocking cell phone signals is just
a side effect of a veil being lowered,
and you can't actually integrate the
surrounding signal into a veil's barrier.
Oh, yes, I knew that.
Ino-kun, he's a talented man.
Keep the senior act in check.
What do you mean, Nanami-san?!
So?
What about Gojo-san?
Same Time, Shibuya Mark City
Restaurant Avenue Entrance (Outside the Veil)
No one's here?
Same Time, Shibuya Mark City
Restaurant Avenue Entrance (Outside the Veil)
Here at the scramble crossing
in front of the station?
Same Time, Shibuya Mark City
Restaurant Avenue Entrance (Outside the Veil)
This is Shibuya on Halloween!
It would seem something has happened there.
Everyone who came running up to the edge
of the veil to escape cried the same thing:
"Bring Satoru Gojo!"
Team Zen'in          Naobito Zen'in (Special Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Maki Zen'in (Grade 4 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Nobara Kugisaki (Grade 3 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Hmph.
There's no way any
non-sorcerers know his name.
Team Zen'in          Naobito Zen'in (Special Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Maki Zen'in (Grade 4 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Nobara Kugisaki (Grade 3 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
They're being forced to say that.
Team Zen'in          Naobito Zen'in (Special Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Maki Zen'in (Grade 4 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Nobara Kugisaki (Grade 3 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Team Zen'in          Naobito Zen'in (Special Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Maki Zen'in (Grade 4 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
Nobara Kugisaki (Grade 3 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Under Evaluation for Promotion)
We can't break the veil?
We're having a hard time with that.
The veil isn't preventing sorcerers
from entering or leaving.
we can't just break it by force.
It'll be much faster to find the curse
user who lowered it and beat them up.
Then our job is to help with that, right?
No!
You all are to wait here on standby!
They lowered an advanced barrier
and called out Satoru Gojo by name.
Same Time, JR Shibuya Station South Entrance (Outside the Veil)
This is likely the same culprits behind
the attack on the exchange event.
Same Time, JR Shibuya Station South Entrance (Outside the Veil)
The upper brass want to minimize casualties,
Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer (Tokyo Jujutsu High Second-year Teacher)
Atsuya Kusakabe
so they've decided to send Satoru Gojo
in alone to restore order to Shibuya.
Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer (Tokyo Jujutsu High Second-year Teacher)
Atsuya Kusakabe
Us, Nanami, Zen'in's old man, and Mei Mei, too.
Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer (Tokyo Jujutsu High Second-year Teacher)
Atsuya Kusakabe
Us, Nanami, Zen'in's old man, and Mei Mei, too.
We're all here on standby outside the
veil to catch any of Gojo's rebounds.
Team Kusakabe      Atsuya Kusakabe (Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Panda (Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Promotion Evaluation Postponed)
We're all here on standby outside the
veil to catch any of Gojo's rebounds.
We won't be able to stay in contact
once we're inside the veil anyway.
Team Kusakabe: Atsuya Kusakabe (Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer)
Panda (Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer) (Promotion Evaluation Postponed)
Minimize casualties? They're talking
about sorcerer casualties, aren't they?
They don't care about any casualties
among regular people, do they?
Don't get bristly with me.
Unlike last year's Night Parade of
a Hundred Demons on Christmas,
events are already in motion.
I think this was the best call, too.
Besides, I had a peek inside the veil earlier,
and it was pretty peaceful.
Regular people were panicking, sure,
but there weren't any cursed spirits
or curse users going around killing them.
At present, those regular people
are just trapped inside.
Though, honestly, I don't want to
go back inside there again.
Why's that?
It was in Hikarie, I think.
Same Time, Bunkamura Street
Dogenzaka 2-Chome East (Inside the Veil)
Most likely, there's lots of special-grade
cursed spirits underground.
Same Time, Bunkamura Street
Dogenzaka 2-Chome East (Inside the Veil)
What's going on?!
Why can't we pass through here?!
Hurry up and bring Satoru Gojo!
Who is this Gojo?!
I don't know!
But we were told we can't get
out unless he comes here!
Who said that?
I don't know! Everyone!
What do you think of guys who can't
keep a cool head at times like these?
Well, being trapped is something
out of a horror film,
but we're not really in
that much trouble, right?
I'm sure help will come soon.
Oh, but we have no signal!
Connection Error
Unable to Connect to Network
Wednesday, October 31
Oh, but we have no signal!
Did you all not see it earlier?
They got sucked up.
The people crowded around in the
intersection got sucked into the station!
Like they were water
going down a bathtub drain!
If it wasn't for that, I'd just
be going home on the train, too!
Use your brain a little, you dumb fucks!
Huh?!
Then why don't you go ahead and make
it so smart people can pass through?!
Ow.
Oh, sorry.
20:31 Satoru Gojo Arrives
I told you to go buy melon bread,
but this is chocolate chip melon bread!
Obviously it's way better
with chocolate chips!
They're as different as fried
taters and Gundam models!
Huh? What are taters?
Huh?
Next time, "The Shibuya Incident."
Next Episode
The Shibuya Incident
Next time, "The Shibuya Incident."
Next Episode
The Shibuya Incident
You know what they are, right, Fushiguro?
Next Episode
The Shibuya Incident
I've built an Acguy model before.
Next Episode
The Shibuya Incident